CASMINST-6036: Remove references to external DNS etcd cluster (#3384)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/external_dns/Troubleshoot_DNS_Configuration_Issues.md

# Troubleshoot DNS Configuration Issues

Troubleshoot issues when DNS is not properly configured to delegate name resolution to the core DNS instance on a specific cluster.
Although the CMN/CAN/CHN IP address may still be routable using the IP address directly, it may not work because Istio's ingress gateway

> depends on the hostname \(or SNI\) to route traffic. For command line tools like cURL, using the --resolve option to force correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depends on the hostname \(or SNI\) to route traffic. For command line tools like cURL, using the `--resolve` option to force correct
```

resolution can be used to work around this issue.

> To get names to resolve correctly in a browser, modifying /etc/hosts to map the external hostname to the appropriate CMN/CAN/CHN IP address may be necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
To get names to resolve correctly in a browser, modifying `/etc/hosts` to map the external hostname to the appropriate CMN/CAN/CHN IP address may be necessary.
```

    cray-dns-powerdns-cmn-udp      LoadBalancer   10.25.156.88   10.101.5.61     53:32674/UDP   45h
    ```

> 1. (`ncn-mw#`) Confirm that DNS is configured properly.

Author: ```suggestion
1. (`external#`) Confirm that DNS is configured properly.
```

    Run the following command from a laptop or workstation.

    ```bash
    dig SERVICE.NETWORK.SYSTEM_DOMAIN_NAME +short
    ```

    If an IP address is returned, then DNS is configured properly and the remaining steps in this procedure can be skipped.
    If an IP address is not returned, then proceed to the next step.

> 1. (`ncn-mw#`) Use the IP address to direct DNS requests directly to the `cray-dns-powerdns-cmn-udp` service.

Author: ```suggestion
1. (`external#`) Use the IP address to direct DNS requests directly to the `cray-dns-powerdns-cmn-udp` service.
```
